2019-05-18T12-12-20

GPT-2 345M model 
retrained on custom poetry corpus 
for ReadingRites (2019)

More info: glia.ca/rerites



			this field went
			through most deleterious periods
			inventions I did not remember -
			 the food and then the pests came through, big as
			goramy in pkuh
			who infest the farm there the mine  
			 is full full of them, we thought it had endus mene-
			 mms just cause we go by the road of tears
			 but there ain't no problems at all o big plant holders
			and growers here
			with what



			 an angel or an A-flat darling-tally fast - but look
			carefully, a day or even a decade, dig really deeply
			 in that old heel hole that cloged it all in such a
			sad and lazy moody car.
			 When The News Broadcast Comes the cop goes his double
			Kangaroo, the swift squid wrapped haly-cucumber
			face turns sour, and those sharp cowl wipers are
			like a coagulating sheep facing the weather. Gorgeous
			lips full



			 more difficult wager all of ynows of quills and
			gums. I dont look
			
			 hawaiis shops though, seal and fetal crate wrapped
			 within my purlings will be gentle hari. Culturally
			speaking
			 a lick of this Agreement probably doesnt translate
			all that much
			
			
			
			Lug and tattoo
			 Our language becomes grotesque when civilized.
			Radical fecunditys a word amongst buds



			 but it will bring peace upon our hours as more men
			see
			 those brighter hours as also younger then each
			year,
			 so they will labor less unused and in pain.No such
			wish.
			   Barttt rp. 26h. Nat poulos on animation, politics,
			fiction arts and whole popular rhetoric | Arts
			Centre A+E
			 'Our ears, our kitchens, exchanges, barracks,
			hospitals, schools, ide many urban eff



			  with purple spots. I didn't mean to be here, I say
			like someone with cancer resting.  I meant to wait,
			but the trap never closed on my flesh.   As if a door
			had opened on a sealed closet.
			I begin dancingIII
			
			 Dark cascades toward the obscuring darkness.
			 Girls
			 setting forth plans in locksthecomb.  High poles
			 tend to circle in a frieze.



			on our back's blue leathery shoulders
			 and neck. This much gives you an intimation
			of your own manhood
			 manning hearts are fertile on the threshold between
			craft
			and expression.
			
			Stir sand in the bottom of the cup,
			 then feeling a tingling under your skin
			 your ribs and pelvis turn gold in the dark.
			
			Have you ever sat on a bicycle
			a morning
			and felt yourself
			swaying
			from edge to edge



			 on stilts toward it. There now it comes back to me,
			who was away, only in the car. Oh creatures too you
			think were your grandmother -- he was far away which
			was why Aunt Maria Prengia preferred with him no
			stimulant hotels when travelling. We therefore
			stayed people but as passengers stop being directions,
			so something -- no i didn't mean brain matter boiling
			over data in distant offices, I mean high grade
			suspense for the real. Under Mayor Raghalla's
			management



			 from there, the big ones there among the juniper
			puffed out in red and khaki brazos swaying,
			from the backyard
			 nursing playa and saaris...if someone at any night
			  lights,
			
			  o sh-ank to this theater of sabotage you  may have
			to write a letter to dramde,
			 insides cut like some loveness tumbled end of a
			rose cul-de-ave venti interlinear circuitry
			plant
			on whom



			 and let sleep with all its human mysteries sleep
			
			 --let japan rejoice with its noontide woods
			
			 [Jump]
			since just some tools you need
			if pomp truly hasn't thee reaching
			out From < immaterial object>.
			
			 then i deeply regret tedium,
			
			   umode a popular form
			
			 of expression theoretical
			
			 but as i expedite yours i shorten
			
			 peth.
			   th street
			
			 important not to pursue



			era.
			
			esseon. an
			animal smells like death
			virus plagues a horse
			in a pit society all the colours
			are going into my eyes as a box
			but on third fig i discover these
			raven spiders clamped together
			their tiny red eye sockets bulging
			with white ennui against my north
			 coat his thick shoes furred and ironic.
			she and the old child the chemist
			decant a bag: a f



			
			 that old walt in what spirit has made me ?    i heard
			 one mourn after one that mourn'd ten thousand years,
			--
			 now, thanks for mine i'll give ages, -- though how
			 upon your skin they smvve inscribed, -- find me
			here so ill-reproved,
			 cannot once this shame forth be reft at once it smote
			at once,    would they that justice smote us



			     as if they were merely the sum
			 by which the universe's weighting prayer suddenly
			shrills
			      suddenly into being, like a tender friend or a bitter
			malcontent,
			      or, like the unborn, revulsion and initial frisson
			      like glowing bruises that burn rather than heal,
			      so that death seems a sudden and unexpressed cry,
			the audience sees



			       in a half-lit alley. Then the blacktop blew
			      my head spun, and all that blew
			      hard. Soft music, then I turned
			      with a sudden faith, and saw 
			       Halle Berry waving.  Then I was gone,
			      and couldn't reach my wife.
			
			      Big fence dr



			  on a cold day in nippyoca   a night stew started  out
			of nothing,  out of might and mind, atle world. nw
			.  in kenyon chorus of newly young witches we went
			waving our braside legs to the skycouf style. or
			naked picky's and raffael witheredtents nvrince.
			the peremptory slang. oid filled a quiet garden
			such musings sulpud owns



			 in green light of palm trees who will flower by chandelie
			 among dried teeth of nubble spruce no fire at first
			sun dawn wakes fire rain clouds movement.
			 his new hands to make tinkle tell tale of face in
			print or face-inged blue board
			 chipp barge port side river her royal navy jackets
			sunsets roll each sunrise we die--horse with lash
			ash brush, red satkin. no mending sees here sun,
			this time she moves



			  but their   one-cent per serving now reserved
			  one that keeps her warts even by calling out that
			name
			  one one that will raise dust in the far-dried
			  flour he sleeps in green aprons not out making dust,
			    they want to call someone now it takes
			  what the dead ones want most, a truer voice, and
			they'll fain and dance.
			     he was in her bedroom, talking softly --
			



			 ? we sit at her window during enuka nadesh as sharyn
			proposes hydrogen or posiatzuk to she and char
			-- before we realize that for each i need step one.
			an unexpected spell let notation rise. for she
			has only an apple pie/fish and cheese place the
			smallest order along she begins another as in no
			going back but yes  with it including everybody,
			it she continues  if requiring help putting me together
			with drift and lettency is within our reach the
			promises



			 i am alone--and glad  --yet strangely glad  when
			i enter these rooms full of music  not such as sounds
			 and singing end
			 by bringing changes where past evils fifty days
			wasted  let me bring  small, sudden sleep
			 by this poor hour my sorrow brings wealth  both rich,
			and good let  us bring  little to this chamber
			 enjoy this halloo or cazzoline? which to me seems
			 quaint and chiconister
			--



			 afternoon, her walkthrough and fall.,in.,between.fire,is
			  a blackpost, or
			 beacons blinding up all those candles  her thin
			shoulders  and eyes bright red
			 after sucking and her breath rose from me for seeds
			up the sides  in  wind eventually spilled white
			 top and dirt wash clear over the man following she
			knew this now as in hey look  of kaseman's last.
			let this, as in how the man

