2020-04-15T13-24-08

GPT-2 345M model 
retrained on custom poetry corpus 
for ReadingRites (2019)

More info: glia.ca/rerites



		  and the hilarious aspects of human
		behavior, you can read about them on
		the Internet: there is porn, there
		is fetishism, there is anything that
		looks remotely like pornography.
		There is also a tendency to see these
		as immoral, unfulfilling sex, in which
		women are objectified and men are puppets.
		Watching fetishists on display  whether
		it be on display in a Web-site, or in
		a brothel in a Gazigraph  reinforces
		the fetishized male gaze, and the idea
		that men are objects rather than subjects.
		It is only then



		
		 The first poem in the collection, I
		Have Lived My Whole Life in a Painting
		Called Paradise, sports long lines
		that are dense with rich, multihued
		descriptions: jade / moths, gold fields,
		and silver rivers. The poem introduces
		a new character, a mysterious narrator,
		and a magical kingdom in an eastern
		forest, and it is through this new character
		that the reader is encouraged to explore
		the magical expanses of the other,
		to find what is happening in the world
		and make a contribution



		
		 Theres a branch of math that studies
		how people act based on how they look,
		and its not pretty.
		
		 - IFTF: Sexy But Deadly - VICE
		
		 People with psychosis may perceive
		threat from others when it is not there,
		while those with anxiety and post-traumatic
		stress disorder may experience a phenomenon
		known as the fight or flight response.
		
		 - Researchers Claim Psychiatric Illnesses
		May Be Predictable of Death, Service
		In The Military
		
		 The 12-step programwhich was formulated
		by



		
		
		 A blockchain is safe. A blockchain
		is not just a storage platform. It is
		a communication platform.
		
		- Chain Core
		
		 a distributed ledger shared by all
		nodes in the chain, which records all
		transactions that have ever happened
		on the chain, and all the changes that
		have been made to the blockchain since
		the genesis block was mined. This enables
		a chain to evolve, change, adapt and
		grow without the need of human intervention.
		
		- Chain Core
		
		 an incentive-compatible way to write
		smart contracts that require consent
		from all involved parties

